Fix jwt and oidc doc (#97942)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

// tag::oidc-op-jwkset-path-tag[]
`op.jwkset_path` {ess-icon}::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)

> The file name or URL to a JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) with the public key material that
> the OpenID Connect Provider uses for signing tokens and claims responses. A value is considered a file name

Reviewer: Nit: It reads like idP signs with the public key. But it actually uses the private key associated with the public key. How about tweaking it a bit like the follows?
```suggestion
The file name or URL to a JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) with the public key material used to verify
tokens and claims responses signed by the OpenID Connect Provider. A value is considered a file name
```

// tag::jwt-pkc-jwkset-path-tag[]
`pkc_jwkset_path` {ess-icon}::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)
The file name or URL to a JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) with the public key material that
the JWT Realm uses for verifying token signatures. A value is considered a file name

> if it does not begin with `https://`. The file name

Reviewer: Strictly speaking JWT realm [does not care about the `://` part](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/735329e1108a085ef36734872244e925cc196a01/x-pack/plugin/security/src/main/java/org/elasticsearch/xpack/security/authc/jwt/JwtUtil.java#L164C22-L164C22). So this could be:
```suggestion
if it does not begin with `https` or `http`. The file name
```

is resolved relative to the {es} configuration directory.  Failures to verify a signature
will result in an attempt to reload the file as this might indicate that the JWT provider
has rotated the signing keys.
+

> If a URL is provided, then it must begin with `https://` (http:// is not supported).

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
If a URL is provided, then it must begin with `https://` (`http://` is not supported).
```

{es} automatically caches the retrieved JWK set to avoid unnecessary HTTP
requests, but will attempt to refresh the JWK upon signature verification
failure, as this might indicate that the JWT Provider has

> rotated the signing keys.

Reviewer: Nit: This sentence is somewhat redundant now since we now say almost the same thing 3 lines above?
